/*Assignment 6 (Report): Lilli Lewis
 * 12/5/23
 * Sources: I used the website below to learn how to remove the characters such as [, (, and , from the 
 *  excel spreadsheet.
 *   https://www.ablebits.com/office-addins-blog/remove-characters-from-string-excel/
 * I confirm that the above list of sources is complete (none) AND that I/we have 
 *  not talked to anyone else about the solution to this problem.*/

Report: In a .txt file, include a description that explains how you processed your .csv file and which 
accessibility attribute you decided to consider for your graph. (State how the graphs differ if you are 
doing the extra points section.)
I queried the entire csv from the website into an Excel sheet on my laptop, then copied the data into two 
Excel sheets on Grinnell's provided Excel website, then followed the instructions given in the Assignment 
page: 
   "Split the coordinates in the “coordinates” column to extract “origin” and “destination”. Consider the first coordinate as the “origin”, the second coordinate as the “destination”, and ignore any extra coordinates.
   Rename the column headers accordingly. The below steps may be useful (using MS Excel):
   Select the cell or column that contains the text you want to split
   Select Data > Text to Columns
   In the Convert Text to Columns Wizard, select Delimited > Next
   Select the Delimiters for your data. Use ‘)’ as a delimiter
   Select Next
   Select the Destination in your worksheet which is where you want the split data to appear
   Select the accessibility attribute you want to consider as the “distance” for your shortest path algorithm.
   Rename your selected column as “distance”. In the csv sample file given to you, “distance” is considered to be the access score."
 Specifically for my data cleaning, I completed these Excel steps in the Grinnell-provided Excel sheets,
then I used the website's advice above and used ctrl+h to replace all instances of commas, brackets, and
parentheses. I then deleted all of the columns that I wasn't using in the project, and moved origin, 
destination, and distance the columns A, B, and C respectively. Then I downloaded the data to my Downloads 
folder, opened the xlsx in LibreOffice, used Save As to convert it to a csv, kept the recommended commas as 
column delimiters and deleted the recommended quotation marks as line delimiters, opting for no line 
delimiters. Finally, I imported the files to my Eclipse project using File->Import->File System -> Downloads, 
and selecting the two files. I made two of these csv files. I then opened the files in Eclipse using right 
click Open With->Text Editor, made sure the formatting was correct, and renamed the columns as recommended. 
I chose to do this last step in Eclipse because I wanted to keep track of which distance variable I was 
using in each dataset. Though the file names make it obvious, in AvgCurbRamp(1).csv I'm using Average Curb 
Ramp as my distance variable, and in AvgObstacleScore.csv I'm using Average Obstacle Score as my distance 
variable. The graphs should be exactly the same in terms of nodes and edges since I downloaded the data one 
time then used the same data processing, just different distance scores. The only place where the data will
differ should be the distance scores.
